OK, take care.
The day of the day.
Taking a screenshot with you.
It has cleaned the cry.
Hmm.
2025 Data 2025 Forecast show logo
financial analyst.
OK like July actual ata hai August.
So likewise 2025 March transaction type
pricing.
If I project code client code,
I think we are using client code. Yes,
project code can it's somewhat empty,
but client code will never be empty.
That's why we are using client code and
we parent client basically.
Client client name.
Then comes the major expense head name.
OK, IMU, IMU Level 3, IML level one name,
SU level 5, we use SU level one name. OK.
This FNA, OPS, data management,
domain platforms etcetera etcetera.
The market level name being no use,
market level one name,
the delivery location name,
country name and CRA India name
probability percent preuse.
But as per instruction or suggestion by
the stakeholders who are from the
financial planning and analysis team,
he gave value weighted pipeline category
and it's not.
A very good feature. OK,
this is a swag or guest feature factual
backing.
But if this is the sole predictor of the
revenue,
then there is some something wrong, OK?
But you can use if you want clear until
here the probability percentage.
Yeah, yeah, clear,
but can you wait pipeline can accept ID.
It's quite ignore column weighted
pipeline consider that to be even if
Mhm.
Hey Ruchaik Mehta, sorry to interrupt.
Govinda is here. Dhanraj is here.
you're considering for.
Ankit Ku and Claude Nikya.
Start revision.
OK, OK, OK. It's a refresher one. OK,
cricketing.
Bigger than OK, Karen, Karen.
No.
So probability percentage is backing me
analyst taking their domain knowledge,
past experience and everything.
They are giving a value OK a probability
value lesser than one. So is 0.
1 into 100 it will be 10% one to into.
OK, something will be there.
OK And you are saying there are nonzero
values for other categories too that
committed E sub completely ignore.
Basically this is not a valid column but
somewhat you can use for the weighted
pipeline but main.
Mm-hmm. OK.
Probability percentage.
This project will start weighted
pipelines, yes. OK,
Right.
Hmm.
so probability 50% 20% revenue generated.
All right.
Uh, yes. Huh.
So feature create feature.
Correct. Um.
Correct per month per month average.
You can try other aggregation functions
Because it's kind of like a gaze, yeah.
like median mode but since it's a
numerical value.
Median Uh, I had tried. It didn't work,
but you can again retry. OK.
Average Melia was.
50%.
And see, while taking this thing,
one more thing to consider,
it's gonna range and it's like few of
them are in percentage,
few of few of them are in fraction.
OK, but they call.
Which numbers, man? Which numbers, man?
Which has 0.10.2,
they're actually 10 percent, 20%.
We take.
Some values are greater than 1550.
Uh.
Mm.
Uh, percentages, man.
One say come here, so that's a fraction.
Sorry.
Uh, you're right.
Less than equal to one, right?
So that's a fraction.
Sex.
One into 10 Kartina one says one says
just say here it is five,
100%.
so it will be 5 percent 55050%.
Uh, five.
OK, so that so that becomes 10.
1200 huh?
But we have 100% one at 100.
Uh, yes, yes.
Less than equals to one into 100 greater
than one.
Including one. OK, so yeah.
And it does.
In doubt like one,
one is 10% or 100% without doubt.
Absolute.
It's 100 percent, 100%.
One. OK, take it. OK.
That's around at all.
Keep this in mind, OK, don't do blindly.
Uh, take the main motor.
A calculation can come back then.
Oh.
What? What is this five 5% or?
It's 5 percent, 5%.
So humloo gap is 0.5 B lere 0.
05 B lere 5 B lere.
Tap is 0.0.
Just use the formula which Rucha has
mentioned.
Filter which are between zero to 1,
then other strictly greater than one by
100.
So normally.
0.05 to play honey and 0.350.5 SNN.
OK, five is 0.05, yeah.
One and 50%.
5% of 5 wallachies. It belongs to the RID.
A 90 minute, OK.
Oh, you are not taking a one of it, right?
Yeah. Take care.
Oh.
OK, we are clear until now,
until here Govind Dhanraj,
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
RX is you're getting confused with 50%
probability that this revenue is come for
OK.
this month. OK,
it's may you're thinking you will
multiply into 0.
5 and that that should be the.
Result and revenue for that month.
In fact, Mankesh, hello,
you are predicting a stock price. OK,
there is a 50% probability that after the
month of March in 2026.
The stock price will go like 1500 per
unit. So .5 million,
you're not doing 1500 into 0.5.
This is a probability 50% chance 1500,
15% chance.
1500 so we can't multiply into 0.5.
The basically this is an event.
This 1500 is an event.
If you are aware of about the terms of
probability and statistics,
this having a revenue of XYZ whatever is
an event and the probability is this.
You can't multiply an event with the
probability value.
Correct. Agree.
Yep.
Clear. No, I read out me.
Mhm.
Maybe.
Yeah, I can explain once again.
Yeah.
The 1500 is a price. OK, the analyst.
They have already taken the 50% into
account. OK mathematical operation.
OK.
OK, there is a 151500 EMA value.
No further manipulation needs to be done
on top of 1500 50% analyst 1500 at.
Red. Yeah, forecast here.
You can just take a ballpack figure of
the percentage.
Most of the projects in this month are.
Going to.
The.
Mhm.
Best probability is a an indicator.
OK.
So man, like there is a match going on,
a cricket match.
You predict India will score 300.
First over.
Suppose there's only 10% chance India
will score 300. It's not like.
They're multiplying 300 with 10, right?
That is a that's a probability and that's
an event to multiply up to.
It is just an indicator.
Yeah.
Mhm.
But over the period of time,
50% based on half of the half quarter.
But but but.
No operation needs to be done on top of
it.
Mhm.
OK, take care.
You just take indicator. OK,
where this much sure, that much sure.
Mhm.
OK. And Rucha,
are we taking this as a feature
probability?
Yes, we are taking this as a feature,
taking the mean of this column
probability percentage.
But.
Huh.
Bus weighted pipeline getting for each
And you're considering, OK.
month. Huh. Weighted pipeline.
We can mean probability percentage.
Right.
OK.
I think these are typos.
Even if there are valid values in,
Mhm.
they're kind of not correct values.
And the the feature which Govind was
telling last last week he the ratio of
and the share of every category.
He committed signed Kitna have weighted
pipeline Kitna have committed unsigned
Kitna who feature.
Huh.
What the mail reading already made me?
All all three or.
Committed signed committed unsigned and
waited pipeline.
Play Nira.
And.
Both numbers and revenue.
I I remember you have done for revenue.
Big.
It didn't work actually.
It's already there.
I'm talking about the counts.
Hello.
Neighbor.
OK, but will feature but but feature. OK,
OK, good. OK.
Had also taken the percentage revenue
distribution percentage.
And yours also didn't come prominent
feature in a banana.
OK, uh, I try.
I think committed signed.
Percentage.
Mhm, mhm.
You're talking about the revenue
distribution or the client Uh project
distribution for the revenue categories?
Thanks.
The revenue distribution,
the ratio of that particular revenue
That's sure.
category with respect to the total.
OK, I think you guys want to try again.
Try.
OK.
Uh, go in here until here.
Yep.
Oh, OK.
Yeah,
or pushed out at the bottom here itself.
Think OK,
then comes the transaction type revenue
Mm.
because we're dealing with revenue type
type of data.
So we are not using this pricing type
name, service signing, taxonomy name name.
Then comes the forecast column.
So here I'm showing you the data for the
month of March in 2025. So forecast data,
you will get well forecast columns fixed
ranging from January to December. OK,
columns.
Out of them,
some can be actuals and the others will
be focused depending on which month's
data you're looking at.
So let's go to March. So March is January,
so December forecast.
But since we are in March,
we have actuals for January and February.
OK, the revenues for January and February,
they are already actualized,
but Kyunki on the March,
March forecast the big Karan,
March Ka actually the Kayani.
So all these columns ranging from March
to December,
these are the human focused or the
analyst forecast physically FPNA forecast,
OK,
financial planning and analysis forecast.
So we just set of analysts factors,
revenue category, distribution.
Yeah, forecast cut across each categories.
OK, March, December 3rd.
Then if I look at April,
actuals will be there for January,
February,
which will not change this actual and
March, January, January or February,
actual if you check.
The actuals will never change.
Once our revenue is actualized,
we're changing and the April,
February actualized it.
March actualized it.
April forecast December forecast. OK,
these are the FPS.
In a forecast columns and another thing
to notice, March, April forecast, right,
that value will differ from April to
April forecast value. Similarly March,
June, July, August, September, etcetera,
etcetera, you know, months forecast.
They will defer from April, May, yes,
of my respective months for forecast.
Forecast will keep on changing each month,
but a revenue once actualized for
previous month, it will stay the same.
Yeah,
I need to take an example and do an
exercise. Govind Namraj.
Richard, a question Amira, March, May,
March, May from March till December.
Correct.
Is which value is 1.
2 billion in total the forecast?
One minute.
Forecast 8 months forecast.
Phone MM.
April Machalagya.
OK.
March X slide already April to December.
OK.
Hmm. So.
Aagar AB me April Mehu AB PC Jake dekha
Tujh Axaye kya kuch change song.
XXYZ.
Yeah, March Ki Mahinika,
March Ki forecast for rest of the year.
Ye exceed Rahega.
Tum April may akar bataoge ki April,
Mira may kill a June kill forecast change.
So my total rest of the year forecast is
amounting to the value Y.
Let me take individual values.
This is all amounting to 7.1 X capital X,
which is the total rest of the year
Mm.
forecast. March,
which is equals to capital X or let.
Little A which is equal to 7.
1 ** is a random variable.
Don't confuse with that.
Take it just for calculation purpose I
Mhm.
have taken then.
Just to.
Yeah, sorry for that.
We are not considering the forecast for
March who actually is already and.
Let's say 0.5 P 0.5.
You get 0.6, you get 0.7 and you get 0.
3 and this is 0.4 and you will get 1.
5 and you will get 0.8 and.
Be OK 0.
5 so this value will be B then equals to.
Uh X + 1.5 + 0.62.12.85.555 then 5.
8 then 6.3 OK.
Plus 6.3 X.
So you can see Ki.
In May they had predicted 0.
7 X per April 0.5 X.
Then June May similarly 0.5 X 0.6 X.
They said that in April this is this.
Then June, May 0.5 it turned into zero.
Sorry, July May 0.5 it turned into 0.7.
Similarly,
which some things might stay the same as
well, just a few months.
Either September they had told 0.5 X,
yeah 0.5 X. Mostly it's going to change.
The forecast for each of the months are
going to change between the months,
but might stay the same. So yeah,
the rest of the year forecast is 6.1 X,
yeah, it will be 6.3X.
Uh.
Hmm.
OK. Then Auri concept, Ki yearly revenue.
So yearly revenue it consists of.
I would.
For previous months.
Hello.
SPNA.
Focus of current months plus.
Rest of the month in the year.
OK, that is that was that came around.
Yeah, February.
Mhm.
Actual it came around the zero point.
We can say one of 1.2 weeks. Yeah, March.
Then when we came to April.
So let's assume actual.
So you have the yearly revenue sitting in
the month of March.
Yearly revenue.
Equals to actual.
Mhm.
We can less FPNA.
Booker.
Ranging from March to December all months
again.
So equals to January actual which will be
X plus February actual.
1.
2 X plus December FPNA forecast which is
7.1 X.
How much it is 7.11.28.39.
3 This is coming to be 9.3X. Similarly,
let's do the exercise for April.
We have the actual for March.
So how about a yearly revenue?
Kia hoga Actual of January, February,
March. OK, FPNA of.
April to December to January,
February X January X February 1.
2 X March VXN. Let's put it here.
Then April to December FPNA forecast 6.3.
OK, 2.2 X then 3.23.29.
5 this comes to be 9.5 X.
So we can see that the FPNR team sitting
in the month of April they have
forecasted.
That the yearly revenue will be 9.5 X.
Similarly, sitting in the month of March,
the FPNA team forecasted that the yearly
revenue will be 9.3 X Sanjay.
OK.
Every month, every month.
Next I.
Correct, correct.
OK. Take care. AV dynamic.
So Abhi April ka actual hamaraya let's
say 10.
9X then mujhe bolo actual kiss this month
ka rahega like sitting in the month of.
Jan 5, March.
May, May, May. OK,
sitting in the month of May,
Uh.
Mm.
tell me what will be the forecast month,
kiss months like ranging from what month
to month, which month forecast?
From May till December, May till December.
May till December.
Mhm.
Uh.
Sounds OK.
6.3 -, X minus square of 5.3X.
VX second will be let's was.
Mhm.
But I'm not changing.
If you want you can do I I can give you
Um.
Mhm.
the screen control.
Yes, it.
Yearly revenue will be like actual till
April, OK.
Actual TLR Malluki 1X plus 1.
2 X plus X plus 0.9 X.
8.
Hmm.
In terms of expression, pseudo logic,
then we will go to the figures.
That will be mm-hmm.
So actual.
Actual Jan to April.
umm forecast from May.
Word focus, FBNA.
Met till December,
definitely met till December.
Abhi, tell me in terms of figures.
So it will be X + 1.2 X + X + 0.
9 X and remaining will be 5.3 X.
OK.
0.9 + 5.3 X.
9.4 I guess.
Yes.
Oh,
so I'll do the point to your point on
page 4X.
Again.
I guess 9.4X, yeah.
9.4 take.
Hmm.
Yaadha kamehallu ki krasi yearly Ichi
utarayega based on the month.
Yes, yes.
So is your mother a early revenue?
Prediction, yeah.
Sorry, there's a repeat demo.
Revenue model forecast.
When we when it comes to the model
forecast, let's take a scenario. OK,
EE Amara.
Mhm.
yearly revenue stakeholder you know
monthly.
Early January, then February, March,
April.
So I'm digging.
I think Ave. Yes, so.
Uh, when you are in.
OK, 2023 under 23 or 24 use training.
We shouldn't use the 2025,
Um 24 um.
but train maintain SAK 25 for six months.
Mhm.
Things you can include in the training 23
data consider for OK you see that is all
the data is already actualized yearly
revenue.
OK, January yearly revenue.
This is not a forecast. Model actualize.
Sorry 9.3 days. Guest storms April, May,
June, July.
These are, you know, manual things. Yeah,
baby,
there are some chances of error to which
is a model for feed makers of your direct
forecast. Take it as target.
So I'm a kya karna padega.
So man lor ye actual hog ya a OK ABC for
the month of January.
I'm the ABC venge February maybe ABC
venge again.
Similarly March maybe ABC O Jaga correct?
Yearly actual.
So your target won't change and model
Mm.
Yes.
won't be able to learn from your data.
So January, May, January,
Mhm.
actually February, May, February.
Actually,
but when SPN March December predict
scenario simulate we will predict for.
Basically March the forecast timing this
you will a sheet ka data lake.
We will recursively predict for April,
May, June, July, August, September. Huh.
He's Madra.
Mhm.
Huh. Yes, I.
2025 actual feature set feature sets in a
prediction model.
You have to set up a pipeline in such a
way March April, May, June.
Mhm.
March May 1st, tomorrow first,
January or February actually March
December FPNA forecast.
I have a shoot on that as well.
Dhanrajko explained the training set 2324
Kalinga test set Manlo 2025 March.
Mhm.
FPNA forecast and actual for February.
Correct.
Agree until this point.
Yes.
Yeah.
I have doubt, but.
I'll be better, I'll be better.
What trainings are related?
Training just like a January,
February data forecast forecast.
Yeah, related.
Correct.
So training data model otherwise.
Data missing.
So I'm login in Kia's interpolation. Yeah,
because reprocessing technique is I'm
FedEx Um.
login.
OK, take care.
OK, I pushed out until now.
Mhm.
OK.
OK so what I have done but don't follow
it blind blindly and if true features
true features.
Validate valid data.
So features that that value came to PY
then.
You will just carry forward forward in
some features. OK,
you have to do your own research.
This feature lag features later.
Live features exponentially weighted
moving average Yami DNS.
It won't make sense correct and similarly
low revenue ratios, GAP ratio, etc etc.
Yes.
Imputation. I think was saying heuristic.
Yeah, I don't remember.
. .
feature set feature set model feed OK you
will get a prediction 0.9 Y.
Similarly, April,
YA synthetic features are done. Again,
make a leaver now. Take care.
I think we covered synthetic features
features at March change EWMA forward.
I have denoted it by including some other
symbols like asterisk.
Again model 0.
95 like sitting in the month month of
March,
the model predicted April will be 0.
95 then again feature imputation methods
and make feature set model model 0.955.
You did the similar imputation method on
make a feature set and you got the
prediction or the variable as 0.
9 Y ticket.
Similarly December feature set.
The previous.
December feature set will be based on
which feature set kiss feature kiss month
feature set December.
November K.
Gotcha. Uh.
You came from January.
Why are you thinking January? Yeah.
Because last discussion.
I didn't get you Cristobolo.
Yearly forecast prediction year end.
Uh, next year.
Yeah, the next year date.
I'd love to my idea you want December to
consider right this year.
Why are you thinking about next year's
Mhm.
January? It has no correlation with.
Current month December.
Uh.
Hmm. Hmm.
Next year January.
Mm.
For feature data also.
OK.
It also.
Uh,
but to a future data look past the next
Mhm, mhm.
year. Don't look 20/20/27,
January 20/26/23/2425.
2027 the feature.
Uh, great.
You can hear so much, yeah.
Mhm.
The mostly previous month Kahilenge
features.
Mhm.
Previous month.
Uh.
Even.
I'm giving you control.
But yeah, you can copy paste.
Um.
This is March Amarkas Synthetic feature
is because Amarkas actual again. Oh sorry.
But.
Hi actually forecast forecast December.
May, June, July, mostly in the features.
True feature sets.
Uh.
Mm.
Might be.
Not a problem.
July or August in between?
April may be a time, but I'm not sure.
You haven't understood.
Mhm.
Let me explain again.
We will predict for rest of the year. OK,
April December 3rd. So April January,
February, March will be actualized.
April December forecast.
Yeah.
So.
Hmm.
Try now.
True feature for April.
It will be for April.
Buying. That's what I was asking you.
What happened?
OK.
Most.
So feature set imputation method add
feature set weekly predict synthetic
Mm.
feature set imputation add forward
etcetera etcetera whatever use.
We got a model prediction of 0.955 OK.
Similarly on the May synthetic,
Mhm.
we got the June synthetic feature set for
model 0.9.
Mhm.
Similarly, June, June, July prediction,
July, August feature set 0.
95 prediction model will give then August,
September features at and prediction.
Hmm.
Then September use October,
then model prediction, October,
November features at then prediction,
then November,
December features at and prediction.
Listen.
Mhm.
Hardly. Pull it out, not personally.
Hmm.
Uh,
just a gamer plus actual January or
Alright.
February.
Alright.
But March is already actualized.
March model prediction.
OK, OK. OK.
Maybe.
Begin.
Hmm. Some of, yeah.
Uh, now, uh, I'll be in the month of May,
OK.
Mhm.
And.
Let's see.
Why? Yeah, yeah, good. Now I want to.
Mm.
I want you to do this exercise, OK?
And year end revenue.
I'm giving you control.
When if you want to take some time
understanding Bhandraj can get one
exercise done,
then you can go next after you have
gathered your thoughts.
Mm-hmm.
You can when does you want to go?
Hmm.
Yeah, sure.
You told me.
You are the controller.
It could.
So this is when we are in the month of
May and we have actually still April.
Correct.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So when we have, when we are in May,
we have actuals.
So we have actuals from Jan January to
April 2025 then we will create the.
True feature set for the month of May.
Should be all I.
OK.
Dhanraj, you're not sitting in April,
you're sitting in May.
Oh, sorry.
Sitting in May,
the year end revenue will be.
Looking at May, May,
looking at May to December, OK,
you're in the actual plus first.
The sitting in May when we are
considering the feature set of May.
Correct.
Well.
It.
To the count read and through count read
4.1, 4.3, 4.2.
January, April ka actual ad for.
It's actually.
If you go to the top of the page, January,
February, go ahead,
Have we written?
then 8 minute will let me separate the
things.
Um.
Mm.
Now you can see the actual straight.
Yes.
But.
1.05
Uh, you have missed. Uh,
Mayman's workers from the.
A month addiction.
Oh, yes, you're correct. Sorry.
Thanks.
2.12.93.84.15.16.16.37.27.48.48.8.
Equal to 9 + 3.
12.65.
In the current year end revenue when we
have the actual still April and we are
looking at May in the month of May.
OK. And how are the forecast?
Music.
May or December, OK.
Is it or is it December?
May we have the true values of our
OK.
features because we have the actuals from
previous months,
but then we synthesize from June to
December.
Taken. OK, you are right. Govind,
you ready? Want to go for exercise?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, good clarification.
We can do it right now.
My name, then we will rectify that.
Mm-hmm.
Thank you.
OK.
So however, let's assume OK,
so it came out to be, let's say 1.
2 Y OK then.
Mm.
Sitting in the month of June,
I guess you have to do the things you
have to do create a,
you know all the rows for the rest of the
months plus calculate the year end
revenue.
I'm giving you control.
OK.
One decimal plays low.
It will be easy for calculation.
I mean your calls.
Not it.
Hmm.
So using this we will create true feature,
true feature and we'll use this true
features to predict.
These months, OK.
Well, this only.
Update some value.
Good.
Sorry, sorry, Mane.
Mhm.
Hmm.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
OK.
That I'm mute.
Um.
Hi, you know.
Uh.
Yeah,
that's what I was Govind the here
I.
forecast means.
What do you mean by the forecast here?
That is machine learning prediction,
right? ML prediction.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Mm.
OK.
So this will be my total year and revenue.
10.35 Y.
Yeah, mhm.
5.057.3.
12.35.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah.
You can.
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
I'll be clear too.
Yes, you clear. OK,
so what I'm left confusing clear.
OK.
Pura clear I want you Pura clear.
I'm ready to explain you until that point.
Yeah, unclear. But yeah, I'm clear here,
mostly.
Mostly I don't want to hear all those.
Mostly somewhat I don't want to hear.
Jobi hai abhibi poojo.
But the OK are out.
Mhm.
Sarach is clear.
Akka.
OK.
I'm taking your word as a yes,
complete yes.
Hmm.
OK.
Hmm.
Dhanraj discuss discuss Govind Govind
Dhanraj. What else?
Mm.
So now I'm clear,
I'm working on the new so I had to change
the way I was processing the data and
creating the aggregate rows to have lobby.
I finished changing all that.
Then I've also added some new features
basis the.
New method then maybe I'm looking on the
list.
Mhm.
Feature selection now.
So once that is done,
I'll let you know if I have any questions,
but for now everything is clear.
OK, I would say.
Data pre processed data interpolation.
Raw data is this? Raw data is this? Hmm.
Road data Road data aggregation monthly
wise month agnostic wise this month may
Mhm.
it not actual revenue it not weighted
revenue it not committed.
Taken.
But though.
This is the MRI. Yeah, OK.
Hmm.
Revenue values, Sir. OK, take care.
Committed or committed and signed.
For the month of March,
your actual revenue is 143 etc etc.
Your weighted pipeline revenue is 3956583.
Your committed unsigned revenue is 1/3
Hmm.
this, this, this.
Your committed signed revenue is 1193411
and for the month of March your weighted
Mhm.
average weighted pipeline average
probability percentage is 0.52.
Yeah.
So what anomaly you are seeing here?
Keki is your values, values.
Weighted pipeline.
If you are saying weighted pipeline only
Mhm, mhm.
if you consider weighted pipeline then
only you can take average probability
percentage.
You can't take committed signed,
committed unsigned.
Then average probability side,
then tum weighted pipeline where
committed unsigned revenue,
committed signed revenue.
You shouldn't take if the logic you're
saying weighted pipeline and weighted
pipeline percentage 0.
52 committed signed and committed
Mm.
unsigned.
Same way,
average probability percentage kohata ke
agar kali weighted pipeline revolution to
committed sign unsigned language.
That won't also make sense, correct?
Hmm.
Features are independent features here.
OK,
weighted pipeline loge to average
probability loge or kuch nahi loge asa
Mhm.
kuch bhi ne.
Just now I explained right here.
Mhm.
Oh yeah.
50% probability. This is a chance.
My gold price is going to be, you know, 1.
5 lakhs. There is a 50% probability.
Let's say.
Dollar.
Hmm.
50% probability. Mahira.
M.
Char is our dollar hoga 100%.
We don't want to make it 100% probability
by multiplying into 0.5,
saying after three months there is 100%
probability that it's a $2000.
That is technically and conceptually
wrong. OK, probability to multiply.
Mhm.
This is 1 concept.
Mhm.
Ik monthly then.
Scenario set up Karte. Lot game host.
Hmm.
And depending on head centers logic and
head count, head count probability.
Yeah.
Tell count probability we will be,
you know,
just be having option of two things.
We can take cards, right?
52 cards category, right?
Mhm.
Spade.
That's gonna.
The card Diamond Spade Clubs Charity.
Club, diamond, heart and spades, OK.
Hmm.
So you will get a diamond.
You get speed.
Uh, the job has three screen share now.
OK, sorry.
Yes.
Mhm. Yeah.
Diamond spade.
Then account, then.
Club, club, club, club.
Mm.
Yeh sabka count plus yeh sabka
probability.
Hmm.
Then we.
Lose.
I had a call with Ankit.
OK, P means probability, C means count.
Clear both of you.
Yeah.
And win or lose will be like yes or no,
one or zero days. So ye month.
Mhm.
Uh.
Let's say April.
Uh, might not be a good example,
but let's try on this April, May.
Uh, let's say.
User Kaik name. User name. Yeah,
participant name is select.
Taram then S April.
Problem statement versus based on number
of diamond.
Yeah,
combination of something win and less
combination who have done good,
you know you count the probability,
they will win. OK, you might not win.
I know it's a bit loose ended, not a,
you know, good example,
but I just want to explain you
probability percentage.
Even if we are taking committed signed,
unsigned, I'm trying to set up that thing.
April May diamond count count then spade
count 5 then count 7.
Hmm.
Then club count 4 then diamond
probability. Let's say 13 into four,
right? 5213 four.
Diamond, let's say 2 by 13.
Just I'm taking roughly, yeah, 3 by 13.
Yeah, something 7 by 13. So bear with me.
And 6 by 13.
OK. And for the month of April,
Sara ka win to win or lose one.
Samjay.
Mhm.
Similarly and.
She won. OK,
so data model and training data then
prediction.
Let's say.
June 112,
she lost here in the month of May 125948
by 13 so it's go up.
This and model feed for prediction.
So what will be the you know result?
Whether Sara will win in or lose in the
month of June or what will happen?
The model has to predict count or
probability.
Basically you can say diamond count or
diamond probability.
They will be somewhat related, correct?
So diamond count and diamond probability.
Probability is spade count or spade
probability.
Correct. The combined effect of huh.
Sorry.
Sara independent event days. Mm-hmm.
The the combined effect of all these
features is contributing to your result,
whether win or lose. OK,
it's not a diamond counter probability
Mhm.
and counter probability.
Similarly,
weighted pipeline revenue or probability
percentage committed,
signed or committed unsigned revenue
because they are also contributing to the
monthly revenue.
Samjay.
It OK.
Hmm. Clear.
Or Kuch out.
Nayabitani, like in a girl,
Krish out weather.
Hmm.